key Personnel
Master of Ceremony: George Njoroge
Assistant Master of Ceremony: Daniel Mwaniki
Transport Manager: Dolla Mwaniki
Assistant Transport Manager

Programme Of Events
8:30am	Departure from Home
9:00am	Arrival at Mortuary
9:30am	Departure from Mortuary
10:00am	Home Arrival
11:00am	Speeches
...	Family
...	Relatives
...	Neighbours
...	Friends
...	Church
...	Local Government Representative
12:00am Church Service
...	Eulogy - James Mbugua (Wakirani)
...	Vote of Thanks - Robert Mwaniki Njoroge
...	Closing Prayer
...	Procession to the Graveside
...	Food is served
...	Guests to leave at their own leisure

Rugano Rwa Mutiga-iri Joel Kamau Kiarie Njoroge a.k.a Muthamaki

"This is the day the Lord has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it" so says the Psalmist [118 24]
GUCIARWO
Joel Kiarie aciarirwo mwaka-ini wa 1938 ni aciari ake atiga-iri Njoroge wa Waweru na Eunice Wajiku Njoroge (WaNyooro), e mwana wa kana. Aciarirwo ituura ria Ndeiya, Kiambu County. Thutah ucio family niyathamiire Rift Valley gwetha warii. Aciaraniirwo na mutiga-iri Isaac Mwaniki Njoroge (Mkuu), mutiga-iri Nyooro wa Njoroge, mutiga-iri James Kamuge Njoroge, mutiga-iri Kiiri wa Njoroge na Joshua Njoroge. Nimachokire magithamira Githuguri gia Gichamu mwaka-ini wa 1948.
UNYINYI WAKE
Joel niateithagia aciari ake mawira ma kuriithia.
GITHOMO
Joel aingirire cukuru wa Ngecha Primary School mwaka-ini wa 1950.
KURUA
Joel aruire mwaka wa 1954 na riika ria Gotora.
WIRA
Joel niandikitwo wira wa urimi hindi ya mukoroni. Mwaka-ini wa 1952 hidi ya wihuge, family yake niyathamiire Tanganyika na magikorwo mari arimi. Nimacokire mucii Githuguri gia Gichamu mwaka wa 1953. Kiarie akoretwo ari murimi wa mahiu na mahua. Ari murimi wa mahua woma, maria endagia Nairobi. Arari ndagitari wa dawa cia miti.
KANITHA
Joel niaigirire kanitha wa Seventh Day Adventist (SDA) Curch November 1964. Niabatithirio mweri 15/09/1965 ni Pastor Wangai. Niatuikire muhunjia woma na agitumwo akarugamirire Sabbath School ya Gikambura (Gikambura SDA Church).
KUHIKANIA
Joel nimedanire na mwedwa wake mutiga-ir Mary Njambimwaka-ini wa 1969 na makihikania na mitugo ya Ugikuyu. Ni matahanirwo na ciana ithathatuna nicio, Godfrey Njoroge, Charles Wamui, mutiga-iri David Mwaniki, Peter Gakuo, James Mbugua na Eunice Wanjiku. Arari iciciarawe wa Florence Njeri Njoroge, Monica Wangui Wamui, Hannah Wanjiru Gakuo na Martha Wanja Mbugua. Ni guka wa Maureen Njambi Njoroge, Njambi Wamui, Kiarie Wamui, Nyambura Wamui, Kiaria Gakuo, Njambi Gakuo, Njoki Gakuo, Njambi Mbugua, Mumbi Mbugua, Jason Wanjiku na Liam Wanjiku.
NDWARI
Kuri mwaka-ini wa 1992, mutiga-iri nionekanire ena murimu wa cukari. Niahotire kuhurana naguo oginya mwaka wa 2018 riria agiire na thina wa kuura maitho niudu wa cukari.Murmu niwa nenehire mwaka-ini wa 2019 na niakoretwo akirigitwo mathibitari mwanya mwanya. Niundu o wa murimu wacukari kuneneha, higo ciake niciagire na thina. Kuri mweri 14/06/2022 ta thaa ikumi cia rucini, niahurukirio ni Mwathani.Arahurukire ena miaka 84. Niatiga tuguka ikumi na kamwe.

Ngicooka ngiigua mugambo kuuma matuini ukiuga atiriri, "Andika uu, Kuraathimwo ni andu aria kuuma riu marikuaga me thiini wa Mwathani" Roho ekuuga atiri, ii niguo, mahuruke mawira mao maritu.

EULOGY FOR TE LATE JOEL KAMAU KIARIE NJOROGE aka MUTHAMAKI
BIRTH
The late Kiarie was born in 1938 to the late Njoroge wa Waweru ad the late Eunice Wanjiku Njoroge (Wa Nyooro) in Ndeiya, Kiambu county. Thereafter the family moved to The Rift Valley in search of greener pastures. He is the fourth borne in a family of six siblings.That is, the late Isaac Mwaniki Njoroge(mkuu), the late Nyooro wa Njoroge, the late James Kamuge Njoroge, the late Kiiri wa Njoroge and Joshua Njoroge. The family moved from the Rift Valley to Gihunguri Gia Gichamu in 1948.
CHILDHOOD
As a child, Joel helped herd the family livestock.
EDUCATION
Joel joined Ngecha Primary School in 1950.
INITIATION
Joel was circumcised in 1954 in the Gotora age group.
WORK
Jiarie was employed as a farmhand  during the colonial era. When the Emergency was declaredd in 1952, the family moved to Tanganyika where they become expertriate farmers. They returned home (Githunguri Gia Gichamu) in 1953. Kiarie was a prominent farmer in horticulture and livestock. He was particularly skilled in the art of flower arrangement which he planted and sold in Nairobi. He was also a practising herbalist.
CHURCH
Kiarie joined The Seventh Day (SDA) church in November 1964 and was baptised on 15 September 1965 by Pastor Wangai. Joel was a passionate preacher and was a one time in charge of setting up the then new Gikambura SDA Church.
MARRIAGE AND FAMILY
Joel married his dear wife the late Mary Njambi in 1969. they were blessed with six children. that is Godfrey Njoroge, Charles Wamui, the late David Mwaniki, Peter Gakuo, James Mbugua and Eunice Wanjiku. He is father in law to Florence Njeru Njoroge, Monica Wangui Wamui, Hannah Wanjiru Gakuo and Martha Wanja Mbugua. He is grandfather to Maureen Njambi Njoroge,, Njambi Wamui, Kiarie Wamui, Nyambura Wamui,  Kiarie Gakuo, Njambi Gakuo, Njoki Gakuo, Njambi Mbugua, Mumbi Mbugua, Jason Wanjiku, and Liam Wanjiku.
ILLNESS
The late Kiarie was diagonised with diabetes in 1992. He has managed to control the condition for many years until 2018 when the complications related to diabetes led to loss of sight. His condition worsed in 2019 and he has been undergoing treatment n various hospitals. Joel's condition worsened and led to renal failure. He succumbered on 14 June 2022 at 4:00 am. He was 84 years old. He is survived by five children and eleven grandchildren.

And I heard a voice from heaven saying on to me, "Blessed are the dead , which die in the Lord from henceforth, Yea sait the spirit, that they may rest from their labours, and their works do follow them." Revelations 14:13.

SONGS
First
1. Ukingoni mwa Yordani ninaangalia bara nzuri ya Kaanani, ninayotamani.
	Tutakaa pamoja na Yesu katika pwani yenye raha. Tutaimba wimbo wa Musa na kondoo, milele na milele.
2. Bara ile ina nuru, nuru ya milele, Kristo jua hutawala, hufukuza giza.
3. Nitapafikia lini na kubarikiwa, penye ufalme wa Baba, na kuomba uso?
4. Furaha yangu rohoni ni kuchukuliwa. Siyaogopi mawimbi katika Yordani.

Second
1. Ni kuri bururi mwega ma. Ni kuri bururi mwega ma. Natungikia twawona, amu Ngai niatuire o kuo atuthondekagira mucii.
	Iguru kwa Jese, Nitugacemania o kuo. Iguru kwa Jesu, Nitugacemania o kuo.
2. Nitukaina nyimbo njega iria cia andu atheru, onamo maroho maitu matikaigua ruo ringi.
3. Nitugathe ithe witu. Tumucokagirie muhure, niamu ni wendo wake munene utumaga tukenagio.

Third
1. Tarumbeta ya mwana itakapolia mara, milele itakapo pambazuka. nao wa haki watakapo kusanyika ng'ambo, majina yaitwapo, lo! niwepo.
	Majina yaitwapo, lo! niwepo! x 4, niweko.
2. Siku ile watakatifu watakapo amuka, nakuondoka huru kaburini. Watakapo kusanyika makaoni kule juu, Majina yaitwapo, lo! niwepo.
3. Tutende kazi kwa Yesu mchana kutwa na bidii. Tutangaze kote pendo lake kuu, nayo kazi itakapo timika hapa chini, majina yaitwapo, lo! niweko.

TRIBUTES
Sons and Daughters
As a little girl, I gre up not knowing how many we were, or who my brothers were, as there always were other people living in our household. You welcomed everyone. The first lesson I learnt from you is that when God blesses you, you should also bless others. You never charged anyone for water. Growing up I watched you create wonderful flower designs with impeccable skill. You would also save a rose or two for Shiku big, you said she loved flowers. This same flower farming paid my school fees all the way to university. Baba, you love music nad easily 'broke a move'.Your guita skills are lengendary. No dull moment with you around. I wonder where you got the nicknames, you had one for everyone...We know who takes after you. You had your famous phrase "Ugatheka kwau? gwa kamwana kega". This led to you having many nicknames, like Kaseo, Kamwana kega etc. Baba it was amazing listening to you converse in different languages as you were multilingual. You went out of your way to make people comfortable despite their tribe. Baba you were a free spirit who believed one should live a full life and you did. We shall miss you baba, but you are in a better place. Rail on Muthamaki, Rest with the angels.

Sons and Daughters in law
Your love was an indication and part of our overal maritial happiness. We did not know you were very much fond of us until our children spent with you during holidays. You poured out your heartfelt wishes and told our spouses how much you cared for them, and how grateful you were to have to have us as sons and daughters in law. We shall miss your jokes and laughter. As a father in law and a father figure, your absence leaves a deep wound in our hearts. It is sad to feel that you are no more, but your love and memories are our guide. Your death brought peace, warmth, closure and prosperity to the family. Your endless love will continue to bind us together as a family. Onde day we believe we will rejoice with you when God calls us home.

Young Grandchild
Dear grandpa, I love you even though you are no longer here with us. I really miss you, I wish I could have seen in person one more time. I hope you are happy in heaven, I pray for your sons and daughters that thery be okay.

APPRECIATION
We the family of the late Joel Kamau Kiarie Njoroge (Muthamaki) wish to express our sincere gratitude and appreciation to all family and friends who helped us and supported us during this period of departure and arrangement of our hero. We sincerely appreciate your messages of sympathy, prayers, financial assistance and support that you extended to us. To everyone who assisted us in the different funeral committees. Thank you.

Those who walk with the LORD always reach their destination.
